README.md, before:

# Bantato

## 简介 

嗨！这是一个为游戏《土豆兄弟》制作的MOD，加入了在商店中禁用物品的功能。这是我第一次尝试做这样的东西，尽管我已经进行了很多的测试并修复了很多的bug，我仍然不敢保证没有其他的问题了。**！！保险起见在开始前尽量先备份您的存档！！**欢迎评论，祝大家玩得愉快！

## 说明

- 在商店每个物品上方增加了一个禁用该物品的按钮，禁用后该物品不会再在商店中出现。
- 目前不同等级的武器被视作不同的物品。
- 目前禁用的费用等同于下一次非免费刷新的价格。

## 最近更新

* 加入了一个显示按钮，可以显示自己禁用过哪些物品。



## Introduction 

Hi! This is a MOD made for *Brotato* that added a feature to ban items in the shop. This is my first try to make something like this. Although I've tested it a lot and fixed a number of bugs, I still can't make sure if there is no bug left. **SO PLEASE REMEMBER TO BACKUP YOUR SAVING FILES BEFORE GETTING STARTED!** Welcome to comment and HAVE FUN!

## Postscript

- Added a button above each item in the shop to ban it. After banning the item, it will no longer appear in the shop.
- Currently different levels of weapons are treated as different items.
- Currently the cost of banning an item is equal to next non-free *Reroll* cost.

## Related Update

- Added a display button to show which items you have disabled.

Commit message:

feat: Adjustments of banning
1. The cost algorithm of banning is redesigned, which is currently positively correlated with the proportion of the number of banned items. (Weapons and Items are counted separately)
2. It is now possible to ban all levels of a certain weapon at once. As a counterbalance, its banning cost will also increase.
3. Added the number limit of banning. Items/Weapons of a certain quality cannot be banned when the number of available items is less than 5.

README.md, after:

# Bantato

## 简介 

嗨！这是一个为游戏《土豆兄弟》制作的MOD，加入了在商店中禁用物品的功能。这是我第一次尝试做这样的东西，尽管我已经进行了很多的测试并修复了很多的bug，我仍然不敢保证没有其他的问题了。**！！保险起见在开始前尽量先备份您的存档！！**欢迎评论，祝大家玩得愉快！

## 说明

- 在商店每个物品上方增加了一个禁用该物品的按钮，禁用后该物品不会再在商店中出现。
- ~~目前不同等级的武器被视作不同的物品。~~
- **现在可以一次性禁用所有等级的某种武器。**
- ~~目前禁用的费用等同于下一次非免费刷新的价格。~~
- **重新设计了禁用费用算法，目前与禁用物品数量占比正相关。**
- 加入了一个显示按钮，可以显示自己禁用过哪些物品。
- **可能与绝大多数其他mod不兼容。**

## 最近更新

* 重新设计了禁用费用算法，目前与禁用物品数量占比正相关（道具与武器分开计算）。
* 现在可以一次性禁用所有等级的某种武器。作为平衡，其禁用费用也会增加。
* 增加了禁用数量限制。某种品质的道具/武器可用数目低于5时，将无法禁用该品质的物品。



## Introduction 

Hi! This is a MOD made for *Brotato* that added a feature to ban items in the shop. This is my first try to make something like this. Although I've tested it a lot and fixed a number of bugs, I still can't make sure if there is no bug left. **SO PLEASE REMEMBER TO BACKUP YOUR SAVING FILES BEFORE GETTING STARTED!** Welcome to comment and HAVE FUN!

## Postscript

- Added a button above each item in the shop to ban it. After banning the item, it will no longer appear in the shop.
- ~~Currently different levels of weapons are treated as different items.~~
- **It is now possible to ban all levels of a certain weapon at once.**
- ~~Currently the cost of banning an item is equal to next non-free *Reroll* cost.~~
- **The banning cost algorithm is redesigned, which is currently positively correlated with the proportion of the number of banned items.**
- Added a display button to show which items you have banned.
- **Probably not compatible with the vast majority of other mods.**

## Related Update

- The cost algorithm of banning is redesigned, which is currently positively correlated with the proportion of the number of banned items. (Weapons and Items are counted separately)
- It is now possible to ban all levels of a certain weapon at once. As a counterbalance, its banning cost will also increase.
- Added the number limit of banning. Items/Weapons of a certain quality cannot be banned when the number of available items is less than 5.
